(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] Izzy and the
others have found themselves
facing a tough challenge unlike
any they've faced before.
They've run into a ruthless
enemy and its name is Argomon.
In the meantime,
Tai's group was busy
chasing after the Digi-Egg
of the Celestial Digimon,
which was stolen
by SkullKnightmon.
While fighting off
the ferocious attacks
of the miasma beast Splashmon,
MetalGreymon's injured
arm became a new weapon
and with it, they clawed
their way to victory.
With the path finally clear,
TK swung the doors wide open.
Then Tai's group
bravely stepped foot
inside the enemy's castle.
Wow, this is a really
creepy place, huh?
Feels like something
could jump out
and attack us at any moment.
Let up, because as long
as I'm with you Tai,
I know we've got
nothing to worry about!
Yeah.
You know, I've been thinking...
The Celestial Digimon
was originally
held captive in here, wasn't it?
Not to mention Devimon brought
the Digi-Egg back
to this place too.
Just what are they trying to do?
[Agumon] Uh, which way do
you think we should go?
(TK sighs)
It's this way!
Hey, wait up!
How do you know this is
where we're supposed to go?
Because that's where the
voice is coming from.
What voice?
Remember what happened in Tokyo?
Back when all the power
failed? 'Cause I do.
The trains kept running
and wouldn't stop.
Ever since that happened,
I've been hearing
this mysterious voice
calling out to me.
[Tai] Wait, TK, how'd
you even get here?
To be honest, I'm
not really sure.
One night I was at home by
myself, they all of a sudden...
I saw Matt and you
and everybody else.
They were fighting
side-by-side with the Digimon.
Everything got kinda
hazy so I don't remember
much after that, but
when I woke up...
I guess you opened your
eyes and there we were.
So the Celestial Digimon
we've been looking for
ended up having Matt's little
brother as their partner?
Didn't see that coming.
(TK gasps)
(ground explodes)
[Gabumon] Chikurimon!
(punches land)
Gabumon!
I'm so glad I finally
get to meet you, TK!
You're kind of a big deal.
Gabumon...
So until you get
to catch up again
with the Celestial
Digimon, I'll protect you!
They're moving in!
-[Tai] Agumon
-[Agumon] On it.
[Reporter] As of
approximately 12 PM today,
it appears that several tankers
in the Strait of Malacca
have fallen into a
mysterious and uncontrollable
pattern of movement.
If this situation
remains unchecked,
there is a likely possibility
that these vessels
will collide into the
Port of Singapore.
C'mon everyone, give
it all you've got!
At this rate, the ships are
gonna crash into the city!
[Tentomon] We're
doing what we can,
but these Argomon won't let up!
I wish they'd learn
to take a hint!
[Tentomon] Bug off!
Super shocker!
It'll be bad if the Algomon
digivolve, so Tentomon...
[Tentomon] On it!
-Ready, Biyomon?
-[Biyomon] Okay!
Tentomon digivolve
to Kabuterimon!
Biyomon digivolve to Birdramon!
[Kabuterimon] Here we go!
[Birdramon] All right!
[Kabuterimon] Electro Shocker!
[Birdramon] Meteor Wing!
[Gomamon] We'd better hurry up
and do something
about that fast!
[Palmon] Yeah, no kidding!
[Sora] Even more ships
are getting taken over!
I know, but we still can't
get an edge over the enemy!
(wall explodes)
Stop it, egg-napper!
You see that, Tai?
I think the stuff in that
hole is the same thing
we found at the dark
swamp but even worse.
[Tai] It's miasma,
a whole well of it.
[Devimon] It is a shadowy
abyss of an altar,
filled with infinite darkness.
[Tai] Devimon.
[Devimon] From this point
forward resistance is futile,
Celestial Digimon.
That innocent form shall
soon be steeped in despair
and fall into eternal darkness.
You can't, that's terrible!
Turning the Celestial
Digimon into a Dark Digimon,
so that was your plan all along.
Wait, TK!
[Devimon] Ah, the
one called upon
by the Celestial Digimon.
The required sacrifice
to complete our ceremony.
This anguish will give birth
to an even deeper darkness.
You shan't interfere.
Agumon!
Gabumon, now!
[Agumon] Agumon, digivolve to...
Greymon!
[Gabumon] Gabumon,
digivolve to...
Garurumon!
(Mimi whimpers)
What is taking so long?
[Driver] Well as
you can see miss,
we are currently stuck
in a traffic jam.
Try turning that way,
there's a shortcut.
[Driver] Oh, if you say so.
Now make a left at
the next corner!
[Devimon] Of course.
Goodness, you certainly
know your streets, milady.
Ah, yes, that reminds me.
Your grandfather Master
Genichiro also knew his streets
like the back of his hand.
He was kind enough to show
me the many twists and turns
of the city when I still
only a country bumpkin.
[Mimi] That's great,
just hurry!
This must be the place.
Oh, don't worry about
me, ladies and gents.
I can take the stairs, no
need to trouble yourselves!
Right, the stairs! (pants)
You hang in there, Gomamon!
I'll be right over in a jiff!
[Palmon] Poison ivy!
There's tons of data
being transferred
from the rendezvous point
to a specific location
and unfortunately
that location...
(suspenseful music begins)
is the Digital World!
Hold on, isn't that...
[Izzy] Exactly, it's like
how that fake Tokyo's Digimon
digivolved using data
stolen from our world.
I have an awful feeling
that something horrible
like that is about
to happen again.
(Garurumon shouts)
(Greymon roars)
(arrow explodes)
Oh no, Garurumon!
Get up, Greymon!
[Greymon] Nova Blast!
(Greymon grunts)
(Garurumon shouts)
Garurumon!
Greymon!
He's too powerful.
Maybe, but we can't
lose either way!
We have to save the
Celestial Digimon,
no matter what it takes.
[Tai] Greymon!
[Greymon] Greymon
digivolve to...
MetalGreymon!
[Garurumon] Garurumon
digivolve to...
WereGarurumon!
[MetalGreymon] Trident Arm!
[WereGarurumon] Wolf Claw!
(Tai, TK and Matt gasp)
[SkullKnightmon] Devimon...
[Devimon] Very well.
[WereGarurumon] What the...?
[SkullKnightmon]
Skullknightmon digivolve to...
AxeKnightmon!
(Tai, TK and Matt gasp)
He digivolved too?
[Tai] Into AxeKnightmon!
TK, no!
[TK] Weregarurumon...
[WereGarurumon] I
told you, didn't I?
I've got your back, TK!
Take him down, Metalgreymon!
[MetalGreymon] Giga Storm!
Trident Arm!
(MetalGreymon groans)
(bullets blast)
(MetalGreymon gasps)
(TK coughs)
(TK gasps)
[TK] Move it, you big bully!
[AxeKnightmon] Don't fight it.
The Celestial Digimon
will fall into darkness.
No, it wont!
I promise I'm gonna save it
because The Celestial Digimon
is calling me, you got that?
TK...
[AxeKnightmon] The light will
surrender to the darkness
and all hope will soon
be steeped in despair.
You won't ever get to do that!
I won't give up!
I'm gonna fight 'till the end!
(TK grunts)
(suspenseful music begins)
(TK exclaims)
[Sora] Those tankers are
gonna crash any second!
It looks like we're almost
-out of time.
-[Joe] Hey!
Glad to see you made it.
Sorry about the wait, guys.
[Izzy] Mimi!
[Joe] Gomamon, I'm
sorry I took so long!
Joe!
[Mimi] Palmon, I'm here!
(Palmon gasps)
[Palmon] Mimi, I'm
so glad you came!
[Gomamon] Been
waitin' for you, Joe!
[Palmon] Palmon digivolve to...
[Gomamon] Gomamon
digivolve to...
[Togemon] Togemon!
[Ikkakumon] Ikkakumon!
(all shout)
(attacks land)
(dramatic music begins)
Calmaramon's gone!
So that means we won.
At least it appears that way.
I suppose the problem's
totally solved, right?
[MetalGreymon] Trident Arm!
[Tai] I'm not letting
you lay a finger on TK!
-[WereGarurumon] Wolf Claw!
-Thanks, WereGarurumon.
[WereGarurumon] No
worries, just go!
[Matt] Appreciate it.
No!
Hey, wait for me!
(TK struggles)
Thanks, Matt!
Hey, that was some nice
work there, little brother.
Think you can pull it up?
(TK agrees)
(WereGarurumon grunts)
(MetalGreymon shouts)
[Tai] Metalgreymon!
I'm really sorry, TK.
If it'd been up to me,
I never would've let you
get dragged into
this whole mess.
You know what I
learned about you guys,
your friends and the Digimon?
I saw that you were all
working hard together,
always fighting to save lots
of people who needed help.
That was the moment
I thought to myself,
I'm gonna do whatever
it takes so I can
team up with everyone someday
and fight side by
side with the Digimon,
the same way that you and
Weregarurumon fight together!
Just like us, huh?
(WereGarurumon grunts)
(WereGarurumon
groans repeatedly)
(WereGarurumon yells)
(bullets rain)
(Matt shouts)
[WereGarurumon] Matt, TK!
[TK] You okay Matt?
Don't you worry about me.
Just do me a favor and
hang onto that egg.
I will.
Matt!
TK!
I won't give up!
I'm gonna fight 'till the end!
[WereGarurumon] In that
case, I won't give up either!
(WereGarurumon roars)
Nice, WereGarurumon.
(heroic music begins)
(Matt shouts)
(Man sings in Japanese)
[TK] What? You can fly?
[Matt] He sure can.
[WereGarurumon]
Thought I'd drop by!
You two okay?
Yeah, thanks to you!
Glad to see you guys made
it back in one piece!
[TK] And the Digi-Egg's
in one piece too!
Way to go TK, we love to see it!
[MetalGreymon] Watch your backs!
[AxeKnightmon] You
shall not take that
Digi-Egg away from me!
(music continues)
(WereGarurumon grunts)
(WereGarurumon shouts)
(music ends)
(WereGarurumon pants)
(gentle music begins)
(TK gasps)
Nice to meet you.
Poyo poyo!
-Poyo!
-(TK giggles)
(Matt and Tai exclaim)
[Matt] TK...
[Tai] The Celestial Digimon!
It finally hatched!
Congratulations, little brother!
(TK giggles)
[Poyomon] Poyo!
[MetalGreymon] Tai!
[WereGarurumon] Everyone,
keep an eye out!
What's the matter now?
[WereGarurumon] I sense evil.
Look over there!
(dramatic music begins)
The heck is that thing?
[WereGarurumon] Yep,
what did I tell ya?
There's no mistaking
it, it's him.
[Matt] So we finally meet.
Took him long enough.
It's Devimon!
[Devimon] Why, if it isn't
the Celestial Digimon.
Oh, my dear old friend, I have
brought a present for you.
The gift of ultimate salvation.
Surrender yourself
and fall to darkness!
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
WereGarurumon.
This Digimon digivolves
from Garurumon.
The Wolf Claw attack
uses those sharp talons
to slash enemies
into ribbons! Ouch!
Time for a fashion check!
Earrings, bangles,
and ripped jeans?
WereGarurumon's got
pretty wild taste
in clothes but he
does look cool!
Maybe adding a
vest would make it
more classy, or
even more stylish.
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Devimon's
next digivolve
puts Tai and the
others in danger.
Will Izzy's plan work
in time to save the day?
[Tai] Next time, "The
Messenger of Darkness, Devimon"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.